the stock market has weakened on reports
that the GOP could not pass the
Obamacare
repeal let's look at a few items today I
want to begin with the Federal Reserve
look at the fed's assets over time you
can see that as soon as qe3 has stopped
that marks the point where for a few
years the stock Market remained within a
trading range this is the only time
since the financial crisis where the
stock market has not followed along with
whatever the fed's assets were at this
marks a very interesting time right now
so let's get into some of these articles
beginning with this one here total IUS
in the US no matter which of these you
choose whether we're looking at
government debt private debt pension
liabilities and so on we see an
impossibility to ever be paid back let's
even take the lowest one which is
government debt it's already around 100%
meaning statistically mathematically
impossible to pay back then when you add
in the private debt and the pensions and
all of the other unfunded
liabilities you start to see a very
interesting picture now just because you
borrow from the future does not mean
that it doesn't have to be paid back and
it doesn't cause a burden
today look how serious the situation has
become moving on union pay China's
biggest interbank payments platform has
barred Chinese customers from using its
transaction system to shop for property
in Hong Kong that's the latest show show
of tightening Capital controls on the
mainland we have seen this going on I'm
just bringing you the updates as it
happens China is clearly engaging in
capital controls at this time one by one
they're trying this and you can see that
with the rise of Bitcoin everything has
happened as to try to be a loophole for
what has happened within China let's
move
on this is a very telling story right
here when you have 52 of the 100 largest
US cities were majority renter in
2015 and that Trend interestingly enough
since the financial
crisis things have really changed but
not in a way that would make
sense 2009 as an example looking at
Atlanta City Georgia 51% in 2009 then
43% it has declined even though the
prices of housing had come
come down significantly after the
financial crisis people should have been
able to buy more and more yet at this
time they are still hurting now sure
there are many who have done well
particularly those who had lot of
exposure to
equities but it all depends on when they
bought in whether they're sophisticated
or not a lot of people look at the
Pension funds they are still heavily
indebted big big problem right now
then I just wanted to quickly note this
asset and real economy price Divergence
in the last cycles and you can see the
difference here between something like
the uh msci world and others versus the
US wages clearly a very big difference
when wages have barely increased
whatsoever and compare that to the S&P
you see a very different picture so I
see the real economy the real wealth not
not increasing when you have very small
in particular not even the entire asset
for example you're looking at the
equities Market it's even more specific
because it's a lot of individual stocks
that are pushing it
up and then you compare the Soft Data to
the hard data and it is clear that a lot
of the rise that we have seen is based
on the Soft Data the hard data doesn't
necessarily show anything it is very
very you know we are way ways away from
having any true hard data come in that
can be convincing and last but not least
Bankers reaped lavish bonuses during the
bailout this was an article from back in
2009 and this shows you what the banking
establishments are always up to they get
caught over and over again they go to
the maximum derivatives quadrillions in
derivatives gambling left and right and
they spent
billions on the CEO bonuses and Banker
pay all because they're going to help
themselves out long before they help you
and
I if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up and of course
if you found it informative then I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
global economic collapse even more
informative so go over to Amazon where
you can see the look inside feature
going to allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take care